today I bring you a brief review and we are going to
talk about these new lipsticks that you have
released these are the soft sensation
slip color toilet
the format of these lipsticks is kind
txuri the post color is a kind of
Yumbo lipstick but how good they spin
Here, the tip is coming out and we
allows the comfort of not having to
walk there with the pencil sharpener and all the
history have a recommended price of
ten euros although you know that always
you can find cheaper
then I would recommend
search in different websites in different
stores take advantage of the offers and everything
this kind of thing so that they come out a lot
better although I'll leave the photos of
how are all on the lips because
This one I'm wearing is the
the 0 22
on lips
This one that I like right now
so he sees it a little cherry type maybe
because good now we have just I'm
taking advantage of five minutes of sunshine
but you are going to see how they are in the
lips at the entrance of the goats
I'm going to put here in the little hand and have
a lot of brightness that's true
They smell like vanilla that I like
much moisturizes on the lip and yes that
they have a good duration because it is that
stain the lip except one that is the
020 this is a lot is a very
natural
this more natural tone does not have much
I'm going to put them here a little bit
several passes is worth it because it looks like
better this would be the 0 20 the natural one that
would be this tone is a brown cited that
on the lip is quite discreet
one of the ones I like the most is the 0 17
playing at pink that is this pink is
Pretty songs or I do not know if it's kind of
oil lamp
or any of these but it's very striking
when I put it on, so in addition
I like to wear those with
different times when I've put
has attracted a lot of attention and has
liked
and continuing with the range of the fuchsias
we work like that it would be pretty in fuchsia
which is 0 18
and this one is more type to the best
it's not without passions but some of these
of maxi that looks a little bit more
this fuchsia these two I already tell you that
pigment the lip with dark stretches
you are going to see what more pigment in the lip
the one that looks like it's purple is 0
19 room it
is that it would look a bit like they have finished
to the color voice chicken feather
and the pigmentation is good
I thought I was going to stay a lot more
dark but on the lip
and now let's finish with the two
red tones a little darker and other
more vibrant the one that I wear on my lips
that is the my lips network 020
it would be so
this and after
that a touch that is 021
that would be more of a classic red the truth
is that this tone is perhaps a little
less special these would be the
the second signal tones the follow
in general, yes, I liked it
has surprised is true that there were people
that talked about what
last year I think that in summer I
they have brought out a range of colors from these
6 pigment very well removing the one that you
I say the third 20 that is more lip tone
the others do stain the lip and the
case is that I took off this right now
I still have my lip
- Pretty red then it's as if
dye a little bit and I like that because
I like the most intense colors and with
a decent enough duration
and nothing those have been new impressions
fast you know that in the box of
information I leave the link to the blog and
little more than tell the makeup I carry
something very simple if roy thinks
I took that I was going to put a
Red candle mission baseline a
little marked and I hope you like it
that is entertained a ratillo and
See you in the next video